# Homework-2-Bootstrap
The goal is similar to the first assignment, except now we're using Bootstrap to create the page structure. In hindsight, this assignment proved equal in difficulty to the previous one, despite the supposedly increased simplicity and efficiency the Bootstrap framework is designed to provide. Once again the main obstacle had to do with knowing which class components were necessary to influence the content to behave in an organized fashion, and also generally the overall effect that certain parameters would bring about. While it's apparent that the condensed syntax can ideally reduce the amount of statements required to produce a given output, the sheer quantity of customization possibilities and often unintuitive demands regarding mandatory vernacular inclusion made for considerable confusion as to which stipulations should be either attached or omitted. 

Even though this exercise marks an additional occasion in which my lack of apprehension is magnified, I hold faith that by examining an ever-growing volume of related source code I'll gradually become more adept at recognizing when and how to conceive the desired formatting across a diversity of elements. I'm not opposed to or discrediting the value of independent research and discovery, but for me personally I think allocating time to inspect a sample of "correct" material after submission of the homework will greatly help address theoretical misunderstandings and reaffirm fundamental principles. In a way this document is both a regrettable apology and a motivational call to action. Stated simply, I realize that as it stands this work is rather unimpressive. However, I'm not yet willing to relinquish optimism, and with continued persistence the quality might slowly but surely approach a level deemed satisfactory. 
